OK so what we want to do now is to fix the problem that we're getting whenever we have a slow connection.
Let me just show you real quick.
Whenever I go to Ford and then go to Mustang is going to fetch all the information because we had an
empty state of this component.
But if I go back and go to Fiesta it's going to flashed in previous state which was Mustang and then
show the news the new stage this happens because we have a slow connection.
But the thing is that we need to at something we need to do something to clear the state whenever we
leave this place.
And there's a there's a few ways to do this.
I'm going to shoot this one because it applies to this.
What are we going to do.
We're going to create a reduce.
To clear the state.
So I'm going to go right here to cars and I'm going to go right ahead and just create a clear detailed
reduce or I'm sorry.
Clear detail action can say clear detail.
OK.
Now with the react we have a lifecycle method that is going to be component will unmount and that lifecycle
is going to run whenever we leave this view of this component.
So we're going to trigger this action there.
Second to say component well announce Burguet.
So it's a call to a function and right here.
Now we're going to call an action Creator that is going to be clear detail and it's going to be available
inside prompts.
So we're going to say this that prompts that clear detail right this clear detail it's still not available.
We need to add it right here on the map dispatched to prop's.
So I'm going to do coma and then clear detail is going to be available.
Of course we get an error because the action is not exported or defined.
So we're going to go to actions and we can create a natural for this.
I can say again just like this going to create a simple function is going to be exported.
And then just function and it's going to be clear list nutter.
And remember it was clear detail Well you know was pretty close.
Get out put clear detail and clear out detail is going to return an object with the type of a payload
the type is going to be something that makes sense clear detail right.
And the payload that was real is really really simple.
It's going to be payload and the payload it's going to be nothing just an empty crate.
So let's copy the clear detail and add or reduce or for this to go and create a case and it's going
to be clear detail.
This one is going to return an object and that object is going to be the previous state and the detailed
state and begin her return the action the payload of this detail which is going to be in this case empty
and that's it.
You know if I just reload the page.
We still have a slow connection.
I'm going to go to forward click enter.
It's going to fetch all the information and I couldn't go to Mustang right.
Showing the Mustang it's a nice nice car and I go back and go to Fiesta OK.
That works if I go back and I go to focus MT and then focus.
So it's working.
You know it's working just fine.
There's a few ways to do this.
I just like to use this way what you can do is just to add maybe a detail right here whenever you're
fetching the information from search cars you're going to do detail and just really it just added detail.
MT And this is going to work.
The thing is that the problem the problem is that you always need to search for something if you just
go back if you have a car and you click a Mustang it's going to show the Mustang and if you go back
and then go back can maybe go to a different one.
You're not searching you're not clearing clearing the detail so that when it's not going to work this
case works.
If you're fetching information from a different place you know.
So you're fetching information whenever the app renders.
OK so that's fine.
If you reach this section congratulations.
This is a lot of information and it's not that easy.
It's hard to understand then it's easy to apply because it's always the same logic but it's kind of
hard to understand.
So at this point I believe that you're ready to create a project with react react and redux with no
problems at all.
And I encourage you to create projects on your own because it's the best practice you can get.
OK.
So let's go to the next sections are going to be adding a new project begin to do a new project with
of course more.
More like with a real life approach and not this one and not going to be adding some bonus features
along the way.
Maybe some a bit worse.
We can use with react and read Acts like a form middleware to use with forms of a law library.
We can use all forms and read X because you know updating the the state and get all the information
from forms could be a pain in the butt and we have a library that's going to help us to do that.
And we have a few more midwifes we can we can check out.
OK so let's go to the next section.